Autoincrement base version from tag if not specified (#230)
jupyterhub/chartpress: README.md

    # Recommended together with a version-bumping tool like `tbump`.
    # if baseVersion is not a prerelease version (no -suffix),
    # the suffix `-0.dev` will be appended.
    #

>     # Alternatively this can be "major", "minor", or "patch", which will set
>     # baseVersion by incrementing the latest tag in the specified component.

Reviewer: This didn't read so clearly to me yet, here is what I think could be a refinement.

I made an attempt below.

```suggestion
    # Alternatively baseVersion can be set to "major", "minor", or "patch", then
    # baseVersion will be calculated based on the latest version tag from `git
    # describe`, but have its "major", "minor", or "patch" version increment if
    # the version isn't a pre-release.
```
